# Collaboration

All work that you do toward fulfillment of this course's expectations must be
your own work. You may read and comment upon classmates' code toward
fulfillment of projects' code reviews but only for classmates whose code is
assigned to you by the course's staff for review. You may integrate ideas and
techniques that you glean from your reviews of classmates' code and from
classmates' reviews of your code into your own work, so long as you attribute
those ideas and techniques back to your classmates, as with comments in your
own code. You may discuss projects, including designs, but you may not share
*code*. In other words, you may communicate with those classmates in English,
but you may not communicate in Swift, Java, or Objective-C and such languages.
If in doubt as to the appropriateness of some discussion, contact the course's
heads.

## Quoting sources

You may turn to the web for instruction beyond the course's lectures and
sections, for references, and for solutions to technical difficulties, but not
for outright solutions to problems on homework or your project. However,
failure to cite (as with comments) the origin of any code or technique that you
do discover outside of the course's lectures and sections (even while
respecting these constraints) and then integrate into your own work may be
considered academic dishonesty.

## Regulations

All forms of academic dishonesty are dealt with harshly. In all cases we follow
the directives regarding fraud and plagiarism of the University of Amsterdam
and of the examination board of the Computer Science BSc programme. Find them
here in [English] and [Dutch].

[Dutch]: http://student.uva.nl/az/a-z-lijst/a-z-lijst/content/folder/fraude-plagiaat-en-bronvermelding/plagiaat-en-fraude.html
[English]: http://student.uva.nl/en/az/a-z/a-z/content/folder/plagiarism-and-fraud/plagiarism-and-fraud.html
